To verify that test that we just wrote, I've gone ahead and set
our page back to about:blank so that you can see that it
actually executes from that new window.
And we can go into the Selenium IDE, select that individual test,
we only have one, but if you had multiple here, you'd built a suite
up, you could choose the specific one you want to enter and click
the Run all tests in suite button, and you'll see it very quickly
flash up that it's preparing to run the test, it runs through it and
finishes completely.
It goes through it so fast I can't even narrate it fast enough.
You'll see down below that it says that our tests completed successfully.
There is a way to make this go through and run slower.
So if we go up and select this stopwatch icon, change that
down to Slow, it will navigate through it more like how you
would probably go through it.
So, change that down to Slow, select it again, and you'll
see it go through and slowly select it, scroll down the page,
choose that CSS that's at the bottom of the page for that button,
select the correct menu item. Once it's clicked that, navigate
to it and verify that the assertion of text on that particular blog post is in fact correct.